refac: Messaging - use token credential factory (#563)
Energinet-DataHub/geh-core: source/Messaging/documents/documentation.md

## Health checks

> > Examples expects applications follows the guidelines documented for the App packages and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The example(s) expects that applications follows the guidelines documented for the App packages,
```
